README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.gatsbyjs.org">
    <img alt="Gatsby" src="https://www.gatsbyjs.org/monogram.svg" width="60" />
  </a>
</p>
<h1 align="center">
  Land of Hop on Gatsby.js
</h1>

I learn web development by creating online beer catalog 🍻. For long months I searched tools which would help me with that efficiently. I picked React and I created [first version](https://github.com/tomekrozalski/landofhop) of my app. It was CRA with Formik, Styled Components and other libraries which I found usefull. I also tried tools which I found great, but not completly fullfill my needs: [TypeScript](https://github.com/tomekrozalski/landofhop-ts), Flow Type, [Svelte with Sapper](https://github.com/tomekrozalski/landofhop-svelte), [Next.js](https://github.com/tomekrozalski/landofhop-nextjs) and many other 🔨. I learned Node with Express and Mongoose to create [back-end API](https://github.com/tomekrozalski/landofhop-back). I have got also MongoDB with my beverages data 💾.  
  
Live preview: [landofhop.com](https://landofhop.com)  
  
🚀 Finally I decided to build the app using Gatsby. Work is in progress…

Commit message:

Update README and some dependencies

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.gatsbyjs.org">
    <img alt="Gatsby" src="https://www.gatsbyjs.org/monogram.svg" width="60" />
  </a>
</p>
<h1 align="center">
  Land of Hop on Gatsby.js
</h1>

For three years I learn web development by creating online beer catalog 🍻. Long months I have tried tools which would help me do that efficiently. I have choose React and I created [first version](https://github.com/tomekrozalski/landofhop) of my app. It was CRA with Formik, Styled Components and other libraries which I found usefull. During all these months I also tried tools which I found great, but not completly fullfill my needs: [TypeScript](https://github.com/tomekrozalski/landofhop-ts), Flow Type, [Svelte with Sapper](https://github.com/tomekrozalski/landofhop-svelte), [Next.js](https://github.com/tomekrozalski/landofhop-nextjs) and many other 🔨. I learned Node with Express and Mongoose to create [back-end API](https://github.com/tomekrozalski/landofhop-back). I have got also MongoDB with my beverages data 💾.  
  
🚀 Finally I decided to build the app using Gatsby. It combines great development experience of React with SSR, PWA; I mean perfect SEO optimization, high accessability and absolutely blazing performance. And more: in Gatsby I can preload huge data from NestJS API, transform it and visualize. It is important because I plan to use D3 for statistics charts 📊. I also plan to use a WebGL animation of beverages container with ThreeJS. Gatsby helps here a lot. Besides that I use react-intl for internationalization, some functions from lodash and date-fns, formik with yup to build dashboard forms and styled components for CSS. That's it ☺️ Work is still in progress 🚧, but I hope to finish the app in 2020.  
  
Live preview: [landofhop.com](https://landofhop.com)
